README: Fix broken links and update checkout version in the examples (#84)
elementary/actions: release/README.md

This image is intended for use with elementary debian projects. There are a few requirements before getting started:

  1. The project needs to have a deb-packaging branch with the necessary debian packaging for the project.

>   2. The project needs release information in an `appdata.xml` file. Docs: [appdata](https://elementary.io/docs/code/getting-started#appdata)

Reviewer: Sorry, could you also update another broken link here?

```suggestion
  2. The project needs release information in an `appdata.xml` file. Docs: [appdata](https://docs.elementary.io/develop/writing-apps/our-first-app/metadata)
```
